Feedback:
Dat (myself): I consider myself to be a normal-good member. I am only one in the group that has no experience working as a group with other IT students because this is my very first semester at the university, while all of my teammates are already had the experience to deal with it. Therefore, things were a bit a mess at the beginning where I did not contribute so much to the group work. However, things changed when I realized the problem and keep things back in track as soon as possible. I tried as best as I can to finish my individual tasks. After that, I went thoroughly through my teammates’ works to figure out is there anything that can improve the quality of their works and gave them detailed and constructive comments to make our group work turn out to be the best product within our ability.

Minh: Minh is a good team member. He is the most experienced one in the team and therefore he is like a big brother in the team. He is the one who helped us to make a detailed plan and workflow in the second week so that we can work more effectively. I would say he is a well-prepared person when I saw him started all of his work very soon. However, the weakness of him is the lack of enthusiasm to try to bring every people in the group works as a whole and his communication skills. At the moment, the situation is improved and I can see that he is trying to make more effective conversations with the group and put more enthusiasm in the group works.

Trung: Trung is a good team member. He is the one that understands himself clearly, which means he has his own pace of work and knows which part should be dealt with following the task priority. He is very engaging in a group conversation and he is the one that usually volunteers to some tasks. However, he should communicate more about the style of working at the beginning so that every member can understand the reason behind his action. In the end, now we had understood him and the atmosphere in the team, thanks to him, is becoming much better.

Quang Anh: Quang Anh is a good team member. In the beginning, he had prepared all of his work to ensure that he will able to finish all the works on time. This shows that he has a responsibility to complete all of the tasks. However, he is a taciturn person and he rarely comes up with the new ideas or discusses the others’ ideas in the group. I hope that he can be more open and share with us his thoughts in the future.
