IT Technology - Robots
1. What does it do ?
The word “Robota” was first appeared in Rossum’s Universal Robots by Czech author Karel Capek in 1922. At that time, the word Robota means workers. From that, we have a very first definition for Robots, a machine that replaces workers in the manufacturing industry. Since then, it has been developed rapidly and Robots now can be autonomous or semi-autonomous, which means that it can interact with people, execute their own decisions based on sensor information, being independent of humans’ interventions for the autonomous robots and capable of adapting to the environment. Moreover, with the application of Artificial Intelligent, Robots now have some characteristics of human intelligence to some extent and have a unique memory capacity as an independent individual. We named this invention “Artificial Intelligent Robots”.
Regarding normal Robots, the most common types of Robots are Professional Service Robots and Industrial Robots. For Professional Service Robots, we have Agriculture Robots, Construction Robots, Customer Service Robots, Defense Robots, Demolition Robots. Exoskeleton Robots, Field Robots, Humanoid Robots, Industrial Cleaning Robots, Inspection Robots, Logistics Robots, and Medical Robots. Next, we can be familiar with some types of Professional Service Robots since we are familiar with their applications in our daily life such as Automatic Vacuum Cleaner, Smart Lawn Mower, and Automatic Trash Can. However, there are some types of Professional Service Robots that most of us have not had a chance (or do not see it so often) to see it yet, like the da Vinci Surgery System, the Human Universal Load Carrier (HULC) exoskeletons using for military purpose, or the Advertising/Guiding Robots in Mall. With regard to Industrial Robots, we have Cartesian Robots, Gantry Robots, SCARA Robots, Articulated arm Robots, and Human-assist Robots. The most common functions of these robots are Packaging, Welding, Painting, Cutting, and Assembly Components.
Referring to Artificial Intelligent Robot, we now have an Artificial Intelligent Robot - Sophia, created by Hanson Robotics. She can walk, give unique responses in many different situations, and has a sense of humor. She has humans’ emotions and she can express her feelings through facial gestures, which is unprecedented. She has the ability to recognize people’s faces and various complex hand gestures. She is also the first Artificial Intelligent Robot to be granted legal citizenship in Saudi Arabia. Another example is Erica - the first Artificial Intelligent Robot who will play a lead role in a Hollywood Sci-Fi movie. In the future, we can make further progress on  “Artificial Intelligence Singularity” in the field of Artificial Intelligent forums. This indicates machines will be expected to be able to build better machines by themselves. This means they do not need the intervention of humans on neither systematic upgrading nor building. As being independent of humans, when this happens, one thing that can be assured is that Autonomous Super Artificial Intelligence becomes outstanding, compared to the finite cognitive capacity of human beings. To make this feasible, with the aspiration of leading a better life, humans will build a world where they and Robots can collaborate to achieve ultimate productivity and efficiency at work. Furthermore, as computer scientists need funds to carry out further research on AI and Robotics, therefore significant contributions coming from business and private investment as a result of positive economic development - will accelerate this process. Notably, in order to reach a milestone in Artificial Intelligence development, breakthroughs in Computer Science like optimizing Machine Learning and Deep Learning are required to be made.

2. What is the likely impact?
The potential impact of developing AI alongside Robots can affect a variety of areas including Labour Market, Organization of Work, Working Time, Remuneration. When applying this development, significant changes will be noticeable like re-structuring the operational system, reforming organizational working cultures, and altering work practices/workflow. All of those shifts result in the betterment of workflow including optimal productivity, flexibility, and efficiency. For example, in the event of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, employees have to work from home which can decrease the work quality due to greater distraction from the surroundings. However, supposing we use Robots at work - which are insusceptible to viruses, the workload will decrease substantially as robots under our control will be in charge of complex tasks autonomously acting as a replacement of workers. Should this idea be implemented, we can protect ourselves while organizations still operate as normal. Therefore, applying robotics technology brings about profound changes in the entire operating system of all businesses enabling them to thrive albeit hardships. However, once the technology is applied, staff-training-like learning how to operate robots is compulsory to ascertain that workflow goes smoothly. Robots can also replace humans to go to dangerous environments to explore and collect data. Nevertheless, this is likely to create a new job market for managing Robots with new job categories like Data scientists. This comes along with the elimination or redundancy of certain types of ordinary physical/manual jobs. 
However, when you have a robot that can do something for you, you tend to develop an inclination of relying on it which gradually slows down your flexibility in completing simple tasks. For example, in the Cartoon Movie called ‘Wall-E’ of Disney, they depict one of the possible scenarios in which Robots are independent ‘hosts’; and we depend so much on them to the point we become immobile and unable to take care of our own newborns. Another point worth considering is that supposing all of the Super Artificial Intelligent Robots can be granted to be a legal citizen, would it be possible to let a human marry a Robot? If the answer is Yes, then that would have a huge impact on re-constructing how our world operates.


3. How will this affect you?
In my daily life, it assists me so that I can save time doing other work. Thus, it can help me work more effectively and I become more progressive at work than I was previously. When multi-tasking is required, with the aid of its application, I can solely focus on particular problems one by one, the remaining tasks can be done or supported by Robots. Were Robotics and Artificial Intelligent to flourish at a rapid rate, I could have a Super Artificial Intelligent Robot being as competent as me, then, how fascinating this reality would be when this robot was the duplicate version of me. As a result, the speed of completing work is literally two times faster. However, that is just a view from the working aspect. When it comes to the aspect of the social relationship, there is really a big question about how Robots will affect our human relationship. Whether Robots will help us to connect and bring us more closer or it will keep us being isolated to others? The answer to this question really depends on how users perceived Robots. To my friends and family, providing that they can utilize the use of Robots, there will be more quality time to spend with other family members or their important people in personal life, thus the connection between people will eventually become stronger. On the other hand, they will spend more time with Robots and cut down the time to spend with their loved ones.
