Week 8 - Reflection
What happened:
In week six, after the details of Assignment 2 is released, I created the Overall Draft that sums up all the key sections and the brief about how different kinds of tasks in the assignment can be done. However, everything just stopped there and there is more progress had been made. We gave our timetable to find the most suitable time for our meeting but there is no final decision being made at that time. I felt a bit worried and unhappy with the state of the group at that time. I think the reason is that we did not have a role for each people at the beginning. If we had our own roles, and someone will be a leader to keep things on track, this would not happen.

In week seven, the self-learning week, my poor time-management skill came in and it caused a lot of troubles for me. In week seven, I have another deadline for another assignment so I have to spend all most all of my time in week 7 to do that assignment. At that time, I just focused on only that assignment. Luckily, our teammate created a more detailed google docs file and set up a GitHub Repository. Once again, it just stopped at that stage. The cause for this is the same opinion above in week 6.

In week eight, we finally had our meeting with all the members of our group. In my point of view, the meeting was successful since we had a chance to discuss with each other and went to the final decision at the group work such as deciding to interview IT Professional, choosing a name, collecting data for IT Industry Section and making comparisons, etc...
At that time, I felt a bit better and I realized that actually when we collaborate together, problems can be solved more effectively - more productive and less time-consuming.

Past experiences:
I have done many groups work before and encountered those similar situations like this. I believe the key here is communication. Another crucial thing is that when working as a team, we have to have our own role. When people in the group have their own role and they can communicate to discuss with each other, the group progress will develop and minimize the chance of having those problems above. In this current situation, I think that it is not better nor worse than those situations that I encountered before. Although we needed a lot of time to see the problem of our group, everyone in our team is willing to listen to others’ opinions and make constructive comments to our work.

In conclusion, our group is having great progress. In the next assignment, I hope we can start early and divide the specific role for each member. We also need to have effective communications in the group chat/ group meeting and have small deadlines for each part of the assignment to easily keep every on track.
