Interview:

1. What kind of work is done by the IT professional?(What exactly do you do, pls name a few things)
It would depends on your company product (or service) and your role, as a Senior Software Engineer, you mostly writing code (what else it could be?) and communicating with others, following some industry standard protocol for software development like Scrum


2.What kinds of people does the IT professional interact with? Are they other IT 
professionals? Clients? Investors? The general public?(Pls tell me briefly about that interaction)
It depend on role, in general the higher role you take the higher chance you would need to communicate with the external.
Sample below, but it may not always true, some SA may don’t want to work with clients 😉
- Engineer: mostly working together
- PM: Partners, Clients
- Support/Helpdesk: Clients/Customers
- Solution Architect: Team, Client, Partner…
…


3.Where do the IT professionals spend most of their time?
Writing code (with well design ofc)
Communication would take ~1/5 of your time per day
Learning new things, blogs, articles
Contribute to Open Source software (if you willing to)


4.What aspect of their position is most challenging?
If your job is writing code, then writing good code is the most challenging
If you mostly working with clients, then make them (and your team) happy is the challenge


5.Finally, can you share an example of the work you do that best captures the essence of
the IT industry?
Not sure if I get the question but TBH Idk what is the essence of the IT industry? that just too board to get.

6. Oh, I mean is there any work that you have done that make you feel like that's the most "IT" work?
Well, actually I got what you meant by the last question but I personally think that's a bit ridiculous to answer. I did the job for like 6 years and jumped across 4 companies ( the first one is FPT and the rest are all foreign ones) and actually had to do a lot of things (most are coding obviously). But even so, I don't think I did anything worth mentioning to "capture the essence of IT" and feel funny if somebody said they did. But if you really want one, I did got requested to contribute to an Open source on Github, that's a thing not many Senior coders from Vietnam can do.


My thought after the review:

After interview an IT professionals (background information below), I have concluded the information as following.

The IT works are actually different for each person depend on the company product and service as well as the individual's role. Most of these works revolve around coding like writing code, reviewing code, interacting with clients and customers while following some industry standard protocol for software development like Scrum. In this case, as a Senior Software Engineer, his jobs are mostly writing code and communicating with fellow workers. 

IT works always require you to interact with others. However, whom you interact with is really depend on your role in the company. In general, the higher role you get, the higher chance that you would need to communicate with the external world ( which is anyone outside of your co-workers). For example, you won't get to talk with the investors if you are only an Engineer. The following list of roles somewhat describe the interaction (not always true):
- Engineer: mostly working together
- PM: Partners, Clients
- Support/Helpdesk: Clients/Customers
- Solution Architect: Team, Client, Partner…
...

Most IT professionals spend their time writing code, communicating with others( which take about 1/5 of working time per day), learning new things, writing blogs, article. Lastly, some are willing to spend their time contribute to Open Source software, which is uncommon in Vietnam compare to the west. 

As for the most challenging part of IT works, it still depend on your role. If your job is to write code, then write a good code is the most challenge thing. If your job revolve around interacting with clients, customers, then making them (and also your teamate) happy is the challenge. If you have a bigger role, then reviewing code, dealing with investors would be the challenge.

When asked about the work that can captures the essence of the IT industry, the IT profession laughed and said that it's hard to say something like that when you don't even have 10 years of experience. However, he did say one thing that make him proud. Which is he got requested to contribute to an Open Source on Github, which not many Senior coders from Vietnam can say the same.
