1. What does it do?
Autonomous vehicles (AV), as the name suggested, are self-driving cars. Simply put, these cars can run on the road without any driver behind their wheels. This technology seem impossible to carry out when it was first introduced in the early 20th century. In 1977, the first AV was created and tested successfully given a specific environment. Obviously, it’s nowhere near the practical state, however, that proved the possibility of AV. Fast-forward to present days, what is the current state of AV?
To answer this question, we need to look clearer into many aspects of AV. Up until now, there are many companies which invested or contributed to AV. However, there are only the few big ones that are really matter. Some of famous name are Tesla, Google, Waymo, these names can be counted by hands, which mean there aren’t that many, but also mean that this technology have enough attention. Since the start of 2000s, these companies were constantly giving out results regarding the development of AV. And in the last 5 years, AV were gradually being used on the real road. At the beginning of 2020, Waymo, an American autonomous driving technology company, began to do a model of autonomous taxis in California. The model was a success, over 6000 of customers services were conducted in the first month, and several thousand for each month later up till now. Waymo proved that AV can be used in a practical business.
So, did it ever fail? Yes, and a lot. In 2016, Google began many trials regarding AV on the real road, and multiple crashes were occurred.  However, most of the faults are on the other parties. The real problem happened on 18 March 2018, Elaine Herzberg became the first pedestrian who was killed by an AV. When we take a look at the situation, he was clearly at fault for walking outside of a crosswalk. However, many experts raise a good point:” A human driver could have avoided such an accident”. This raise many questions and concerns over the safety of AV. The local government suspended the company’s right of conducting test and experiment related to AV on the area. A notable point is that all the experiments and trials were done by the main or side roads. It’s pretty obvious that a “natural” route with things like branches, rocks, holes is not really advised to use AV.
Another question regarding the current state of AV: “How often do you see an AV on the road?”. This question is surely getting a lot of different answer. In the west, chances are, you wouldn’t see them on a street outside of test area or similar places to California in the previous example, but, you probably saw them once or twice in your life. In Asian, however, most people will probably never see them or even know such a thing exist. This is because the price of AV are very expensive, and most the company related to AV are also stationed in the west. The Asia governments are also really strict about the law regard testing and such, they won’t accept AV on the road unless they are complete and proven to be safe. The same happen to other High-Tech such as VR (Virtual Reality) but to a lesser extent. So just by looking at the popularity, we can see that the day where people can casually “see” AV on the street are quite far, but it’s coming.
So what can we do to improve or speed up the process? For starter, get the safety as high as possible. When people think about AV, the first thing come to their mind is “Is this thing really safe?”. The majority of voices which opposed AV are also for this reason. Let’s look at all the accidents in the past, especially the one that involved in death that was mentioned above. What do they tell us? That AV is impossible and not safe and shouldn’t be a thing? Maybe, but we can think of it in a positive way. Accidents happen because the technology isn’t good enough, maybe the sensor isn’t fast enough, maybe the wheel, the brake doesn’t do what it’s intended to do, there are always thing to improve. The next thing would be about the price, if anyone even consider of releasing this technique/product in Asia, where a lot of countries are still third world, then they really need to lower the cost. At of July 2020, according to Google, the shared price of a AV ride cost 0.2-0.4 $. This price is already high in countries like America, we can imagine how it is in Asia, or Vietnam.
So, how? What kind of technology surround AV that we can continue to develop? For this driverless car to work, the most important thing is the sensor system. This is how this system work. A suite on the vehicle will collect raw data from the environment surrounding it (like what in front, what on the right/left, what behind) and then software algorithm will use that data to calculate many things. It could be what the best next action, the correct vehicle needs to make to avoid crashing. In a sense, we can say that “human make mistakes, machine don’t”. And of course aside from that system, there are a lot of other things to compensate for the “driverless” part. AV needs a navigation system, a location system, an electronic map. Each system like that is made by one or more of other technologies. We can name a few: Hybrid Navigation, Homogenization and decoupling, Vehicle communication systems, Digital traces, Modularity, etc. For each day go by, these technologies will continue to be funded and developed by big companies. The future of AV will definitely come.

2. What is the likely impact?

As stated above, Autonomous vehicles (AV) have already been made, but there are far too many places to keep improving until we can say that it's "stable". For now, accidents still happen here and there, the price still too high for a people with average income, especially in Asia. But when it's complete, it brings an impact to a whole lot of industries and will in turn change the way they are.

As always, when thinking about AV, people think about the safety. Although this time is in a positive way. One of biggest reason for the creation of AV is that it reduce traffic accidents because if done right, machines are way more reliable than human in term of safe travel. This effectively reduce the fatalities of human, which in turn saving an enormous amount of money for the world to put in other useful places.  And when traffic accidents drop, Insurance industry will be heavily affected. However, that doesn't mean they will be dropping. Maybe, but not if they know how to take the opportunity to change their traditional working model. An interesting thought is that if human-caused accidents drop, there will be another thing to focus their attention all. That's the technical failure of AV, in other word, the insurance of Cars and vehicle instead of human life. Companies such as Google, Volvo have already put an insurance on their products.

The second biggest impact would be about the service industries. When people aren't driving anymore, they will have free time, a lot free time. And when that happen, they can working, playing game, reading book, seeing movies, video chatting and all other things while waiting for AV to handle the driving. Thus the use of these service will skyrocket which creates opportunity for any industry or company to give out product that can satisfy the need.

Another big impact would be about any industries that revolve around the use of transporting. For example, the mining and farming industry would require a lot of manpower plus vehicles to carry out. With AV, this would pretty much halve the requirement, and thus resulting in a big boost in term of both effectiveness and economic. Another already working in trial is autonomous taxi, as you can guess from the name, this is a whole system of driverless taxis.

Although it does have a negative effect for certain jobs. The most obvious ones are taxi driver, personal driver, transporter, etc. All the job that require human to drive will become redundant.

And then it also affect, well, everyone. In the west, it's not strange for an average worker to drive for 3-4 hours per day. And when driving, if you don't want to get into accident, you would concentrate on driving, and thus wasting that amount of time per day. Now with AV, imagine all the things you can be with that free time you get ( you still need to be in the car though).

When you thing about it, AV more or less affect every industry in the world since driving is a part of our daily activity. I would say it's an industrial revolution, and anyone who can take advantage of it will receive a lot of rewards.

3. How will this affect you?

For the time being, I haven't begin driving yet so it doesn't really affect me. However, eventually I will drive, and by then I will find AV extremely helpful.

However, there are many things to consider base on many things. First, I live in Viet Nam, and I can't foreseen a near future where AV will exist in Viet Nam. As mentioned in part one, government in Asian countries, and Viet Nam in particular, won't allow things that seem hard to "believe" like driverless car roaming on the street. Another thing that contribute to this is that most countries in Asia, including Viet Nam are still developing countries. We don't have much resource to integrate a whole autonomous system like this.

I do have friends and family in foreign countries though, and I'm sure in one or two decades, they will get to use AV daily like prediction. My brother complained that he has to drive 2 hours from home to work and then 2 hours from work to home everyday and it makes him very tired. With AV, he will definitely won't have anything to complain because he can use that time to do lots of things he want.

And convenient is just what we see right in front of our eyes, what we don't see is the protection AV bring to us. According to many reports, the rate of car crash per year is shockingly high, many of which results in death. If AV is done right, these thing will lower to point that they can straight up disappear. And when that happen, I'm that happy for my friends, my family and myself that we don't have to worry about safety when driving.
