Personal Reflection (+ Group Reflection):

For the previous weeks (week 6 and 7) me and my teammate didn't really do much about the Assignment (actually one guy created a Group GitHub and stuff but that's about it).

In week 8, we began to communicate through Facebook and occasional meeting and campus and have create some plans about it. We finally have a meeting at the end of week 8 and had a great discussion and outline about what we should do. Everything is set up.

However, after that time, probably due to the inexperience and there are actually no group leader, the group act quite slow. People didn't communicate much in the team. This leave me a bit uninterested and I didn't do much about this project and focused on other work. Admittedly, this was part of my fault for the group's atmostphere. But I still got all my files set up such as create and format html, interview my cousin ( he is an IT professionals for like 5 years) and others minor parts of the assignment 2. ( I said I didn't do much because the only thing that require a lot of work are IT Technology and I didn't do it yet).

Personally, I'm not someone who leave the work to the last day because I know that even if I finish the job , it still a shitty product. However, I'm the kind of guy that never really start until half the time has already past (if I interpret it as I can finish it easily, only a few exception so far in my courses at RMIT that require my full attention). Assignment 3 maybe something like that. This, is actually not good for the group atmosphere. While I'm confident that I can finish something like this easily given enough time, however, the same can't be said for other people and I'm in no place to tell any of them with my attitude. In my previous groups, this actually happened a lot, after I finished my work, a lot of them still haven't even close. In the end, I have to did the left over works like crazy for the last few days. This is why I think that I'm not a good leader.

In this particular group however, everyone actually did their parts. Some start sooner( I kinda feel bad) some start slower but everyone know what they doing. I believe we can achieve good result with this team.

 