Name: Pham Hoang Minh

Assignment 2 - introduction to IT

Feedback and Reflection

Feedback:
Minh (myself):  I consider myself to be a normal team member, with some prior experiences of team working. My strong point is that I take responsibility in team working and I had worked in a few different teams to know the correct way a team should function. I tried to set a work path (planning) for the team as to avoid conflicts and problems in case no one really knew exactly what to do. I also did my individual parts early to avoid missing the deadlines.  However, my big weakness is the lack of enthusiasm and passion in the work in general. I do not feel inspired or motivated. I also lost my attention to the assignment when there were personal businesses involved. This is dangerous to the work flow of the group.
Dat: Dat is a great team member, but he was a bit unresponsive in the initial group interactions. His strong points are his responsibility and thirst for a refined assignment. He would check other member’s part and give detail feedbacks which are very helpful. He is also very attentive to the group’s conversations, he would share his opinions with appropriate considerations to others.  His weakness was that he would lose his focus in the assignment and be unresponsive to the group’s activities. He initially would be unresponsive in conversations (messages) and I had a hard time figuring out his thoughts. This problem, however, was resolved when he finished his assignment and realized it himself his faults.
Trung:  Trung is a great team member, but sometimes I do not understand him. His strong points are similar to Dat’s, which are responsibilities and a desire for a good assignment. He is responsive in conversations and contributes many things to the assignment. His weakness is that sometimes he would not respond to the conversation or just forget about the information discussed before.
Anh: Anh is a good team member, but he has the typical characteristic of a IT student in teamwork. He finished his parts on time and early, even earlier than Trung and Dat. This means that he cared and took pride in his work. He is also relaxed in a conversation, which is suitable for long-term team work. His weakness is that he does not respond much to the conversations. He would simply see the other members interact and follow the plan. Sometimes I do not know whether he likes the idea proposed or not. But this is manageable within a team.

Reflection:
- I personally think that the assignment went particularly well as the actual report was carefully written and examined by the team members. None of us slacked off or behaved negatively during the team work and deadlines. Initially, we have some problem in communication but it has been fixed relatively soon. Everyone contributed in some parts of the assignment.
- My only wish for improvement is that the team members can have a more concrete planning as during the first week, we did not do much because of the lack of planning. 
One thing that surprised me the most was that before our first meeting, team members were being unresponsive and did not use GitHub at all. After the meeting, however, all of the team members have been participating more in communications and workflow, especially the use of Github increased drastically.
I have learned about group work is that sometimes you have to believe in your teammates and rely on them on crucial parts.
