Technology is crucial to any organizations and people. Every personal computer security tools is required to defend user's information and privacy from cyber attacks. A cybersecurity attack may end up with every piece of information from the victim of an identity thief, like exposing banking details, sensitive and private information. Users should always understand and take in the basic knowledge of security principles like selecting sturdy passwords, being cautious of attachments in emails, and backing up important files. Common technology that defend these elements are firewalls, DNS filtering, malware protection, antivirus code, and email security solutions. A good cybersecurity practice is to have multiple layers of protection unfold across the computers, networks, programs, or sensitive information. In a company, the people, processes, and technology needed to be complement by each other to make an efficient defense from cyber attacks. According to cisco, a cyber security service, users can also benefit from the work of cyberthreat researchers, similar to the team of 250 threat researchers at Talos, who investigate new threats and cyber attack methods and neutralize it (Cisco 2011). In the approaching 4 years or so, nation sponsored organizations will be able to develop cyber-attack technologies for defense and offense; financially driven criminal organization will continue to obtain ways to get more money as much as possible through cyber-attacks; hacktivists will continue to use cyber to convey their messages; terrorist groups also will shift to cyber space; and eventually – individuals with no apparent motive, who want to demonstrate their technical skills, sooner or later can eventually continue “contributing” to the attacker's system. In some countries and states can have an even bigger role in protecting massive scale of environments like their own infrastructure (power grids, facilities  – everything around us), and perhaps even to supply a number of their intelligence to the general public. For example, our network entree can ought to share data with our personal devices so a better cyber security is a must have. Since the birth of internet everyone can communicate with each other very easily so that nearly all of our personal information and logs are reside in cloud or a system of some kind, when we are not in total control, the dataflow and access to data can be leak out side for some malicious activities. Some individuals would argue that so as to shield our systems, we will have to grasp the hackers’ motive. Several cyber-attacks are run primarily by “bots” that scan the whole network and analyze the weakest spot to prioritize the attack tactics, so when we don’t see any malicious program or activity on your system, it doesn’t mean that it is entirely safe. Due to that fact, cyber security defense systems must be more sophisticated and refined so as to handle large amounts of information from the database. So overall, we are going to see systems that are smarter, more refined, ready to handle large populations and huge amounts of information, systems that can perform efficient and rapid self-update, that could take in the most efficient and safest solution in real time which can be hooked up with shared-intelligence centers that are keeping giant countries like North America and the European Union guarded. Large companies must protect their information on their own servers, their data backups on their own cloud servers, on their personal computers, and even on mobile devices in order to keep everything safe. For that to happen, we need to interconnect our defense systems to be able to act in real time. We will need to cultivate a new generation of cyber specialists who are experts in the security field to develop and drive those systems.
Cybersecurity have a very important impact on everyone nowadays, whether you are an individual or a behemoth of a company, or even the government. Lack of cybersecurity pretty much means that you are giving your money, your face, personal information to someone who you never talked to and they could also sell everything about you. Cybersecurity is not something to take lightly of, it is vital to have a cybersecurity system due to the fact that it is encompassed with everything that is about the protection of our sensitive information, personal data, governmental and business data from potential attackers. Data breaches can involve banking details like credit cards number, checkout info, sensitive trading information's, all of these could potentially lead you or a company to a massive financial lost. Especially when you are a corporation, you can ruin your reputation by not having a good practice of cybersecurity. Leading to losing trust from both the customer and other parties, also having to suffer the lost of future clients to other competitors and extremely poor media coverage. Data breaches will result in massive law suit revolving around client's data got exposed, leading your company to regulatory fines or sanction as a result of cybercrime. Because of this, all business, nonmatter how big or small, must have a good practice of cybersecurity like ensuring employee's understanding of cyber threats and how to tackle them, have a proper security team to prevent attackers from the system and a good firewall or a bridges so as to lead the potential attack to the wrong place where you only store something like miscellaneous files, do regular check up on your database to seek out some potential threats. As for the individuals you should always use a tough password, change your password regularly, do not use the same password over and over and especially never link your important email to any site.
To me personally, I have a pretty ok knowledge on how should I protect my personal information. Meaning that at this current state, cybersecurity would not do much good for me since I have already properly use a good basic of cybersecurity practice. However, when more advance security tactics are implemented I expected to be able to feel less paranoid about people looking into what I am doing and using my information for their bad doings. Also with a rapidly updating security system also meaning that I can do less research when i wanted to click on some sort of site, hopefully that system could prevent something like constant click jack that may or may not plant a malicious program into your machine and constantly collecting data, information of you and people who use your machine and they also could potentially spread through your network system and infect other machines. Most of my family and friend doesn't know much about computer and threats in the world wide web, sometimes they could lead themselves into a dead-end where alot of their information like login details exposed and leading hackers into their machine frame. It is very difficult to make everyone who doesn't really care about the techy world to be bothered with complete security, hopefully in 4 years or so cybersecurity became so advance that you don't exactly need a good knowledge of how they work to prevent something and everything can do automatically for you which is very handy for people like my friends and family.