Trung: He is an amazing team member, he is willing to help the whole group on designing and making the site. He did a lot of work for the whole team, engaging in conversations and helping the team out on their problems. I really do admire him for what he could do and his responsibilities. However, the problem is he is often being the last one who is either finalizing the work and it is fairly hard for me to figure out what his plan is and what he is aiming to achieve.
Anh (myself): I think I'm not a very good team member because I found it very difficult to jump in with the conversation or keeping a conversation going without freaking out. I usually listen closely to what my team is up to and do what I think is good and not ruin the team's workflow. However, I usually held back on pushing my work onto GitHub although I had them prepared just because I feared that due to my lack of experience, I might ruin someone else's work. Which results in only submitting when I know for sure it is safe to do so. And I usually held back on giving my own opinion due to my personality which is pretty bad for the overall workflow of the team.
Dat: I think that Dat is a great team member to have, he really thrives to get great marks and does his work really efficiently. Dat participates a lot in the group's ideas and conversations, often checks on other team members on their work and gave feedback on it. He came up with a bunch of interesting ideas that help the group with the content and how we should approach different things. His weakness I think is that he tries to multitask and work a lot of different things at once. This may result in some distraction or he lost track of what was his initial goal but this is very manageable since he usually knows what mistake he had made.
Minh: I think he is a really great team member, he started working on the framework and the outline of the workflow initially, he did all of his work very early and made everything super clear for everyone to follow. During the whole team conversation, I can't feel what is going on in his mind whether he is satisfied with the workflow and the result or not since he doesn't clearly show what are his thoughts on the project.
